1. Define your group and the parameters of your project.
I think this is done via below.

2. Who are the members of your group?
Self

3. What is your group name?
Hivemind

4. What formal method are you using?
Spin Model checking. Likely will need Isabelle as well so that I can reason over an arbitrary 
asyncronous network.

5. What specifications will you verify?
That BenOr algorithm works as advertised.

6. What system will you analyze?
The correctness of BenOr algorithem over an arbitrary asyncronous network system wih prosses failure as 
defined in Nancy A. Lynch: Distributed Algorithms.

7. What does a success look like for your project? For example, a successful model checking project will
be able to demonstrate a system model, validation of that model, a set of temporal logic specifications,
a set of model checking runs checking the specifications against the model, and an analysis of the
results. A successful theorem proving project will be able to demonstrate a set of (validated) theorems
that automatically prove in an automated theorem prover and an analysis of the results of the proofs.
A successful project in runtime monitoring will be able to demonstrate a set of specifications, a set of
runtime monitors constructed from them, experimental results over many system runs demonstrating
correct operation of the runtime monitors, and analysis of the results.
8. How will you demonstrate your analysis? In other words, answer all of the following questions that
relate to your project:
• What benchmarks will you use? Where will you get them from?
• How will you demo your analysis (in the class?) (in your final report?)
• How will you measure your results?
9. Remember to think about important logistics and organization elements. Each person/group will
collaborate via a git repository that the Professor and TA also have access to. What will be the
structure of your repo? How often should members check point models/specifications/documentation
elements? If the project is a group project, how will the group coordinate? For a group, when will
group meeting be? For a single-person project, what time have you scheduled each week to work on
the project?
10. Provide a project timeline: for each week, list what you plan to accomplish that week. Be realistic
and make backup plans! Your group will email (to the Professor and TA) a (short) report at the end
of each week with a project update according to your weekly plan. This email can be as simple as
a statement that all tasks were accomplished that week, or as complicated as a detailed explanation
why something did not work and how you have replanned to do an equivalent task. Weekly reports
are due at 5pm on Fridays. This is your chance to get feedback on your progress and
questions every week!
